Update disaster-recovery.md (#1654)
astronomer/docs: astro/disaster-recovery.md

Organization settings, Workspace settings, and user management configured in Astro's control plane will be unaffected by a region failure in the data plane.

> Astronomer plans to introduce self-serve and automation enhancements as part of our 2023 roadmap. Please submit feedback to [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io/) if you are interested in joining the conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astronomer plans to introduce self-serve and automation enhancements as part of its product roadmap. Please submit feedback to [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io/) if you are interested in joining the conversation.
```
